Alright, gear one up, and then...
So you were telling me that you, after you... um
If you go into the um jury thing, you can't go anywhere for like a year?
Unconforming.
For a year? Even if you're like somewhere?
Yeah.
Uh...
For this, for that case.? Yes?
Okay, But if you're called like you have to drop everything and go?
Like if, Do they tell you not to travel during that time?
Yeah.
Uh, uh, uh, never mind. Okay. Understand. Okay.
Oh.
Wow, did you make a lot of like...
like fake iti- itineraries just in case?
Oh wow, that kind of would suck. Like if we are
Like, say like you need to go somewhere?
and then they call you like if you are...
Like there, if you're like...
out of the country, like, you can't really come out, right? Do you have to come back?
Oh, yeah. Makes sense.
mmh
Makes sense. Have you ever been to France?
Like a... Alright, I think that's okay. Okay.
Alright, so France
Have you ever been to France? No?
Yeah I've been there a couple times. Yeah, so... It's beautiful!
It's very like...uh
Picturesque. Very, very picturesque.
Um I don't know. I've traveled Europe a lot actually. It's like, like
compared to other cities.
It's very art... Again, like little tourist destiny.
But it's still like beautiful and there's a lot of history there.
And... I don't know, it kind of feels like you're in a picture book a little bit.
just because like the architecture is so different from what's around here, you know?
Um the culture is a little bit different. The eating culture is different.
Um...
What else? And it's like you read about like a lot of French things. Like
and like the history books and stuff, right?
And that's kind of what you see.
So it's a little bit surreal too.
It's, it's very beautiful, I guess.
Yeah, this time we're going to go up a little bit out of Paris.
Last time I was there, we we stayed in virus for the whole time.
but this time we're going to go up north to Mont Saint-Michel which is
like, way, like, northwest.
of Paris, and then it's the island and the ocean. It's like the castle and the ocean.
and then during the the low tide.
You're able to cross and go into the castle area and see it.
but like if you don't leave until like before the the high tide ends.
Or low tide ends, so you're stuck there. Yeah, because like, you know.
The, the road disappears.
So we're going to do that. We're kind of looking forward to that. And then we're going to go to Monet's house.
Romay? Monet. Monet. Monet. Yeah, he's a painter.
The painter. Yeah.
so the impressionist here so he it's where he
Drew like a lot of his stuff, so we're gonna go there. Yeah.
What else?
Yeah.
Really close, right? I've been to... South
10 years ago, my family went on this uh cruise.
and it was from Italy and we went around the booths.
And then we went around the Mediterranean cities.
and then we went to
Monte Carlo and then Barcelona.
And then Barcelona is only two hours away from France.
So that's where we went.
And then from there, we, we flew to Paris. And so
Barcelona, but I really love Barcelona. I've been to Barcelona a couple times.
But It's kind of like L.A.
It's very, there's like a lot of like...
a mix match of different cultures, a lot of people, food. um
And it feels very like it feels very comfortable like an ocean town just like LA.
That's kind of fun.
What else? But the kotatsu are like nice.
um Monte Carlo
um I forget what's next door to that, but like there's like these little...
This city is really really beautiful.
Um...
Definitely a to do if you have, if you've never been.
you just get on a train and you just hop on like every single
like um every single uh...
station is just like so distinct and
Cannes. That's where, that's where the Koteshwor.  yeah, so
If you go during like the the film festival, it's like, it's bougie.
Bougie.